# rg29_world_server
Fate created the universes by taking a book and imagining beauty and perfection, but human beings were unable to work as a team. Humans made machines and even machines think that humans look like a plague. There are 2 types of beings, beings that are part of the problem and beings that are part of the solution. RgCompany26 is 100% committed to the responsibility of vindicating the existence of humanity to eliminate the traces of inequality and injustice that the love of money and the imbalance of dissatisfaction has caused throughout the planet. This is the first business project aimed at making a contribution on the way to breaking the addiction to social networks and the control that some people have over millions of people. It is time to unite all and avoid the extinction of humanity. It is unfair that such a young species is the one that destroys the home of so many species that fight every day to maintain balance and life on the planet we call Earth.  Perhaps today we are an idea, perhaps tomorrow we will be a movement but of something we are sure: real and pure love together with focused and determined intelligence with the power of perseverance form a force, or energy that nothing and nobody can stop it. No one has the right to destroy fate's artwork. Even destiny would die for what it loves and if destiny dies of sadness, all his work will too.  Rg29 is a platform and RgChat is the first product we want to launch, it is neither sold nor bought. Nobody is going to advertise.  Basic rules:  Encryption based on sender-receiver, although they manage to intercept the messages, nobody can interpret them. We are only a medium, you are the owner of what you do. Nobody can see if you are connected or not. You can only interact with 1 person or a small group of people, at the beginning it will only be between 2 people, perhaps a family version will be made. It is not intended to be a public platform but a private one based on absolute privacy. The fundamental idea is based on the fact that we only want to have a means of communication with the loved ones we love. No more complaining from others saying that you are connected and not saying hello. You will have your own private wall to talk on the air and nobody likes it. Exclusive and unique privacy. You are an extraordinary being, do not let them brainwash you making you a zombie or a millionaire puppet.  We do not want it to be a popular platform but a platform that can be useful and liberating.  Made with love from the RuGe 2020 team to infinity and beyond &lt;3.
